Update mismatched names answer to catch surname-only change, and add … (#1)
CorndelWithSoftwire/DevOps-Course-Workshop-Module-10-Databases: globex-questions.md

2.  How many units of the product from the previous question were sold on the credit card with number `3535880159004410`?
    <details><summary>Answer</summary>7098.00</details>

3.  We've noticed an error in an upstream system. When updating an employee's manager the employees table hasn't been correctly updated. The `ManagerId` has been updated, but the `ManagerFirstName` and `ManagerSurname` have not. How many records does this impact?

>     <details><summary>Answer</summary>4</details>

Author: This was 3 if only comparing first names, but 4 when accounting for surnames too

    <details><summary>Answer</summary>84689146.20</details>

> 6.  (Optional) The finance director needs a month-by-month report of order values for 2020. Please write a query to produce a order values grouped by month name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6.  (Optional) The finance director needs a month-by-month report of order values for 2020. Please write a query to produce total order values grouped by month name.
```

    <details>
    <summary>Answer</summary>

    | Month    | Value       |
    | -------- | ----------- |
    |January   | 10021197.33 |
    |February  | 5451368.04  |
    |March     | 8393388.67  |
    |April     | 6455989.74  |
    |May       | 10138281.22 |
    |June      | 8845170.26  |
    |July      | 7174546.57  |
    |August    | 7310235.65  |
    |September | 8305703.18  |
    |October   | 8597017.86  |
    |November  | 8244004.19  |
    |December  | 6152906.05  |
    </details>

>     <details><summary>Hint</summary>You'll need the `GROUPBY` function.</details>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <details><summary>Hint</summary>You'll need the `GROUP BY` statement.</details>
```

GROUPBY is wrong. Also it is not a "function".
